Fix bitbucket folder sync pull (#3072)
tokens-studio/figma-plugin: .changeset/mighty-cooks-punch.md

---
"@tokens-studio/figma-plugin": patch
---

> Fix issue with Bitbucket sync wiping sets when they are in a folder format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with Bitbucket sync that caused sets to be wiped when they are in a folder format
```
